L strikes and shelling in Central and
Southern Gaza have killed at least five
people four were targeted intense
housing displaced people inside the
grounds of al- AA Hospital in De Al Bala
an Israeli helicopter carried out the
strike after midnight Al maasi a
so-called safe Zone in Southwestern Gaza
Israeli forces killed one person and
injured another
10 well T abom joins us from dear Al
Bala now and first of all T can you just
talk us through the challenges of trying
to roll out a vaccination campaign in a
place like KH
Unice well challenges are quite Ence in
fact um where the Israeli military did
not afford Medical Teams on the ground
with Sil with full safe environment to
work within as the medical teams are
vaccinating gaza's children in darl
Bahan in the city of kanun but
bombardment is a still ongoing with more
high intensity in comparison with with
the previous days yesterday for example
the Israeli military has targeted one of
the main areas that where children have
been receiving vaccination in until now
they are by the way receiving
vaccination inside al- AA hospital we
also have been getting some sort of
confirmation that the um the campaign in
the city of kanun is still ongoing in
its first day with a great High turnout
by the residents there especially that
Cana City has been one of the largest
areas that have been receiving displaced
families and especially in almasi area
and the outskirts of the city of KH
yunas now Medical Teams are touring
there between makes shift T in order to
inoculate children and they are also
trying to raise the awareness of
families about the necessity of the of
receiving this vaccination and they are
expecting to have a good Target to be
achieved as what happened here in darl
bah where 187,000 Palestinian children
managed to receive these vaccinations
and the race of the vaccination has
surpassed expectations with a great
successful campaign and the ongoing
escalation on the ground the ongoing of
repeated Israeli attacks are depriving
Palestinians from having a clear sort of
safety even during the time that
supposed to be even safe to get these
vaccination we have been visiting the
location of the attack in the compound
of Al AA hospital and we managed to uh
observe the great skill of Devastation
being inflicted to the area
we are right now at the backyard of Al
AA Hospital which is the largest medical
facility in the central area now this
backyard has been a shelter for
displaced families as you can see this
place has turned upside down after an
Israeli uh air strike that was carried
out by an Israeli helicopter targeted
the makeshift T where people have been
taking the yards of the hospital as
basic Sheltering areas we can see the
scale of Destruction how many tents that
were destroyed we're talking about
dozens of tents being completely wiped
out there are clear significant damage
have been inflicted to the neighboring
uh tents and the people here as you can
barely see they can try to find
everything that could be possibly left
for them in order to take and to use it
again as an opportunity to cling to
surviving and we can also see great
level of struction in terms of the uh
basic tents that were established here
we can see the remnants of the clothes
gallons of water we can see mattresses
blankets these are the basic necessities
Palestinians have been using and they
were taking shelter here believing that
the hospital would be a safe place the
attack has killed four Palestinians and
dozens of casualties being reported the
citizens here as we have been hearing
from them they have confirmed that they
did not receive any sort of warning it
means that the attack has been sudden in
an area that's supposed to be protected
under the principles of the
international humanitarian law well
people generally have been taking
hospitals as shelter because they La all
kind of basic places that could be safe
and protected from them these hospitals
in fact had been targeted from more than
three times so far since the beginning
of the conflict and had turned to be a
graveyard and it stood to be a place
treatment T abaz Al jazer Dar bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler